feat: add `stats/base/dists/kumaraswamy/kurtosis` (#4525)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/kumaraswamy/kurtosis/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/kumaraswamy/kurtosis.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_kumaraswamy_kurtosis( a, b )

> Returns the standard deviation of a Kumaraswamy's double bounded distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [excess kurtosis][kurtosis] of a [Kumaraswamy's double bounded][kumaraswamy-distribution] distribution with first shape parameter `a` and second shape parameter `b`.
```

```c
double v = stdlib_base_dists_kumaraswamy_kurtosis( 0.5, 1.0 );
// returns ~2.143
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **a**: `[in] double` first shape parameter.
-   **b**: `[in] double` second shape parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_kumaraswamy_kurtosis( const double a, const double b );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/kumaraswamy/kurtosis.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double a;
    double b;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {

>         a = random_uniform( 0.0, 10.0 ) - 5.0;

Reviewer: `a` and `b` should be positive numbers. Use the same range as in the JS examples.

        b = random_uniform( 0.0, 20.0 );
        y = stdlib_base_dists_kumaraswamy_kurtosis( a, b );

>         printf( "a: %lf, b: %lf, Std(X;a,b): %lf\n", a, b, y );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        printf( "a: %lf, b: %lf, Kurt(X;a,b): %lf\n", a, b, y );
```
